README.md, before:

# Python Driver for Sensirion I²C Temperature and Humidity Sensors

This repository contains the Python driver to communicate with Sensirion
temperature and humidity sensors using the I²C interface. For details, please
read the package description in [README.rst](README.rst).


## Usage

See package description in [README.rst](README.rst) and user manual at
https://sensirion.github.io/python-i2c-sht/.

## Development

We develop and test this driver using our company internal tools (version
control, continuous integration, code review etc.) and automatically
synchronize the `master` branch with GitHub. But this doesn't mean that we
don't respond to issues or don't accept pull requests on GitHub. In fact,
you're very welcome to open issues or create pull requests :)

### Check coding style

The coding style can be checked with [`flake8`](http://flake8.pycqa.org/):

```bash
pip install -e .[test]  # Install requirements
flake8                  # Run style check
```

In addition, we check the formatting of files with
[`editorconfig-checker`](https://editorconfig-checker.github.io/):

```bash
pip install editorconfig-checker==2.0.3   # Install requirements
editorconfig-checker                      # Run check
```

### Run tests

Unit tests can be run with [`pytest`](https://pytest.org/):

```bash
pip install -e .[test]                             # Install requirements
pytest -m "not needs_device"                       # Run tests without hardware
pytest                                             # Run all tests
pytest -m "not (needs_device and not needs_sht3x)" # Run all tests for sht3x
```

The tests with the marker `needs_sht3x` have following requirements:

- An SHT3x device must be connected to a
  [SensorBridge](https://www.sensirion.com/sensorbridge/) on port 1.
  - **WARNING: Some tests modify non-volatile configurations of the device,
    restore factory defaults etc.! Do not run the tests on a device which you
    don't want to get modified!**
- Pass the serial port where the SensorBridge is connected with
  `--serial-port`, e.g. `pytest --serial-port=COM7`
- The SensorBridge must have default settings (baudrate 460800, address 0)


### Build documentation

The documentation can be built with [Sphinx](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/):

```bash
python setup.py install                        # Install package
pip install -r docs/requirements.txt           # Install requirements
sphinx-versioning build docs docs/_build/html  # Build documentation
```

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

Commit message:

add links to sht3x and sht4x drivers

README.md, after:

# Python Driver for Sensirion I²C Temperature and Humidity Sensors

This repository contains the Python driver to communicate with Sensirion
temperature and humidity sensors using the I²C interface. For details, please
read the package description in [README.rst](README.rst).

Note that we recommend to use the new product specific drivers for
[SHT3x](https://github.com/Sensirion/python-i2c-sht3x) and
[SHT4x](https://github.com/Sensirion/python-i2c-sht4x).

## Usage

See package description in [README.rst](README.rst) and user manual at
https://sensirion.github.io/python-i2c-sht/.

## Development

We develop and test this driver using our company internal tools (version
control, continuous integration, code review etc.) and automatically
synchronize the `master` branch with GitHub. But this doesn't mean that we
don't respond to issues or don't accept pull requests on GitHub. In fact,
you're very welcome to open issues or create pull requests :)

### Check coding style

The coding style can be checked with [`flake8`](http://flake8.pycqa.org/):

```bash
pip install -e .[test]  # Install requirements
flake8                  # Run style check
```

In addition, we check the formatting of files with
[`editorconfig-checker`](https://editorconfig-checker.github.io/):

```bash
pip install editorconfig-checker==2.0.3   # Install requirements
editorconfig-checker                      # Run check
```

### Run tests

Unit tests can be run with [`pytest`](https://pytest.org/):

```bash
pip install -e .[test]                             # Install requirements
pytest -m "not needs_device"                       # Run tests without hardware
pytest                                             # Run all tests
pytest -m "not (needs_device and not needs_sht3x)" # Run all tests for sht3x
```

The tests with the marker `needs_sht3x` have following requirements:

- An SHT3x device must be connected to a
  [SensorBridge](https://www.sensirion.com/sensorbridge/) on port 1.
  - **WARNING: Some tests modify non-volatile configurations of the device,
    restore factory defaults etc.! Do not run the tests on a device which you
    don't want to get modified!**
- Pass the serial port where the SensorBridge is connected with
  `--serial-port`, e.g. `pytest --serial-port=COM7`
- The SensorBridge must have default settings (baudrate 460800, address 0)


### Build documentation

The documentation can be built with [Sphinx](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/):

```bash
python setup.py install                        # Install package
pip install -r docs/requirements.txt           # Install requirements
sphinx-versioning build docs docs/_build/html  # Build documentation
```

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE).
